Clarify (#10350)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/phone-number-calling-plans/transfer-phone-numbers-to-teams.md

# Transfer phone numbers to Microsoft Teams

> Use the porting wizard in the Microsoft Teams admin center to transfer your phone numbers from your current service provider to Teams. After you port your phone numbers to Teams, Microsoft will become your service provider, for more information, see [How many telephone numbers can you get?](how-many-phone-numbers-can-you-get.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the porting step-by-step guide in the Microsoft Teams admin center to transfer your phone numbers from your current service provider to Teams. After you port your phone numbers to Teams, Microsoft will become your service provider. For more information, see [How many telephone numbers can you get?](how-many-phone-numbers-can-you-get.md)
```
